I said crape myrtle.
I can't see that your husband has a lot of backbone
But it's no use just having backbone
You have to have an invitation.
What's up?
Are there any invitations?
Let's see how
Is it gone at all?
Hahahaha no no
Get out of here and don't embarrass me here
Crape myrtle, I didn't say it as my sister
You're just messing around at home.
Today this place is full of big shots
Hurry up and don't make grandma angry
Grandma, hurry in
Don't waste my time
Grandma go
That's right.
Did you say
If we can get in
You divorce Lin Ziwei
Open your eyes and watch
You're still ready to kneel down and lick my shoes
Did you hear what this trash said, haha?
It's hilarious, oops.
Since this trash dead duck bill order
Then let him give up completely
Shen Lang, are you sure they really can't get in?
Please show the invitation letter
I'm sorry you invited Brother Jiang